Now Adi should believe that I am very good
What are you doing?
Why the hell would anyone dare to break into the old company today?
Ah, hello, Mr. Su.
You are me, on the order of Mrs. Shen
I specially came to become famous to the Su family for a hundred days
Marry the daughter of the Su family as a granddaughter-in-law
Xiao Song is here
My grandson
Is a man
head
Youth is a big deal
Are you going to give a dowry?
Send it to them first
What's that?
Salute of Righteousness
You said Mrs. Shen
The founder of the Shen Group
Madam Shen
Big shot like him
How could you like my daughter?
Dad?
You don't have to be humble
The old lady means
Choose the cheapest auspicious day
Get married as soon as possible
This is ouch.
Here.
Dad, what's going on?
How did this guy meet you?
How could the hook be given to me?
Liar my man
Is this liar under the old lady of God?
But I don't know Mrs. Shen
Hey, was there an old lady before?
He wants you to marry his grandson
I've been talking to a few wealthy old ladies recently
Playing mahjong
They must have taken a fancy to me
I lost a few words in front of Madam Shen
That's right.